doc: update the information on volume snapshots (#3059)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/recovery.md

## Recovery from `VolumeSnapshot` objects

> !!! Warning
>     If using using volume snapshots for recovery, the primary instance will be
>     created quickly using the snapshot(s). If there's no WAL archive
>     available, the standby instances will be created through `pg_basebackup`
>     rather than the snapshot(s). This might be significantly slower depending on
>     the size of the database. If a WAL archive is available for the recovered
>     cluster, standby instances will also be recovered taking advantage of the snapshots.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Warning
    When creating replicas after having recovered the primary instance from
    the volume snapshot, the operator might end up using `pg_basebackup`
    to synchronize them, resulting in a slower process depending on the size
    of the database. This limitation will be lifted in the future when support
    for online backups will be introduced.
```
